#CU-2nhgxne setting up pallet config for #BYOG (#1655)
ComposableFi/composable: docs/byog.md

## Current state

Any cross-chain XCM transactions can choose what assets to use to pay for the transaction.

Direct transaction can add header to pick up `payment` asset or an account can configure its' default [payment asset](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/discussions/12055).

> `Payment` assets are configurable and configuration is shared withith native and XCM transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Payment` assets are configurable and configuration is shared within native and XCM transactions.
```
